feat(redis): default timeout bumped to 10s (#8863)
apollographql/router: .changesets/fix_low_redis_timeout.md

> ### fix: update internal redis timeout ([PR #8863](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/8863))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Update internal redis timeout ([PR #8863](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/8863))
```

It'll automatically get put in the fixes section thanks to the filename

> We've found that mTLS in some environments sometimes takes longer than what our previous timeout would allow for; so, we're now waiting 10s for internal redis operations rather than the previous 5s. This also bumps up the amount of time we allow connections to live before counting them as unresponsive (also 10s, compared to the previous 5s)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because mTLS handshakes can be slow in some environments, we’ve doubled our internal Redis timeout from 5s to 10s. This also increases the connection "unresponsive" threshold from 5s to 10s.
```
Tried to simplify the changeset - thoughts?

Just trying to get ahead of the final changelog review
